Docs/fix convert tf crnn model document (#14531)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_CRNN_From_Tensorflow.md

> This tutorial explains how to convert a CRNN model to Intermediate Representation (IR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to convert a CRNN model to OpenVINO™ Intermediate Representation (IR).
```

There are several public versions of TensorFlow CRNN model implementation available on GitHub. This tutorial explains how to convert the model from

> the [CRNN Tensorflow](https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow) repository to IR, which was validated with python 3.7, tensorflow 1.15.0, protobuf 3.19.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [CRNN Tensorflow](https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow) repository to IR, and is validated with Python 3.7, TensorFlow 1.15.0, and protobuf 3.19.0.
```

If you have another implementation of CRNN model, it can be converted to OpenVINO IR in a similar way. You need to get inference graph and run Model Optimizer on it.

> **To convert this model to the IR:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To convert the model to IR:**
```

> **Step 1.** Clone this GitHub repository and checkout the commit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1.** Clone this GitHub repository and check out the commit:
```

Author: `checkout` is specific git option, please see example in another doc: https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_EfficientDet_Models.html#getting-a-frozen-tensorflow-model. I suggest to keep as it is.

Reviewer: Understand, but a command cannot be used as a verb if it's a noun. Using checkout in this phrase should be incorrect. :)

Reviewer: You can also visit https://git-scm.com/docs/git-checkout/ to see the difference between them.

Author: Thanks for your clarification, update doc according to your comment.

>     1. Clone repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Clone the repository:
```

```sh
git clone https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow.git
```
    2. Go to the `CRNN_Tensorflow` directory of the cloned repository:
```sh
cd path/to/CRNN_Tensorflow
```

>     3. Checkout necessary commit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Check out the necessary commit:
```

Author: Same here

```sh
git checkout 64f1f1867bffaacfeacc7a80eebf5834a5726122
```

> **Step 2.** Train the model, using framework or use the pretrained checkpoint provided in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2.** Train the model using the framework or the pretrained checkpoint provided in this repository.
```

**Step 3.** Create an inference graph:

>     1. Add `CRNN_Tensorflow` folder to `PYTHONPATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Add the `CRNN_Tensorflow` folder to `PYTHONPATH`.
```

>        * For Linux OS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * For Linux:
```

```sh
export PYTHONPATH="${PYTHONPATH}:/path/to/CRNN_Tensorflow/"
```

>        * For  Windows OS add `/path/to/CRNN_Tensorflow/` to the `PYTHONPATH` environment variable in settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * For  Windows, add `/path/to/CRNN_Tensorflow/` to the `PYTHONPATH` environment variable in settings.
```

>     2. Open the `tools/demo_shadownet.py` script. After `saver.restore(sess=sess, save_path=weights_path)` line, add the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Edit the `tools/demo_shadownet.py` script. After `saver.restore(sess=sess, save_path=weights_path)` line, add the following code:
```

```python
from tensorflow.python.framework import graph_io

> frozen = tf.graph_util.convert_variables_to_constants(sess, sess.graph_def, ['shadow/LSTMLayers/transpose_time_major'])

Reviewer 2: is it a reason why we request users to have `tensorflow 1.15.0`? In TF2, the freezing should work. I can't see that here we use something from `contrib`.
Please check

Author: @rkazants, thanks for your review. Actually original repo use `rnn` module from `tensorflow.contrib` to build crnn model sturcture, which is required to freeze TF model: 
- `from crnn_model import crnn_model`:https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow/blob/64f1f1867bffaacfeacc7a80eebf5834a5726122/tools/demo_shadownet.py#L26
- `from tensorflow.contrib import rnn
`:https://github.com/MaybeShewill-CV/CRNN_Tensorflow/blob/64f1f1867bffaacfeacc7a80eebf5834a5726122/crnn_model/crnn_model.py#L14
However, `contrib` module is drop in TF2 without compatible API.

graph_io.write_graph(frozen, '.', 'frozen_graph.pb', as_text=False)
```
    3. Run the demo with the following command:
```sh
python tools/demo_shadownet.py --image_path data/test_images/test_01.jpg --weights_path model/shadownet/shadownet_2017-10-17-11-47-46.ckpt-199999
```
   If you want to use your checkpoint, replace the path in the `--weights_path` parameter with a path to your checkpoint.

>     4. In the `CRNN_Tensorflow` directory, you will find the inference CRNN graph `frozen_graph.pb`. You can use this graph with the OpenVINO&trade; toolkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. In the `CRNN_Tensorflow` directory, you will find the inference CRNN graph `frozen_graph.pb`. You can use this graph with OpenVINO.
```

>      to convert the model into the IR and run inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     to convert the model to IR and then run inference.
```

> **Step 4.** Convert the model into the IR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4.** Convert the model to the IR:
```

       * For  Windows OS add `/path/to/CRNN_Tensorflow/` to the `PYTHONPATH` environment variable in settings.
    3. Open the `tools/test_shadownet.py` script. After `saver.restore(sess=sess, save_path=weights_path)` line, add the following code:
```python

> import tensorflow as tf

Reviewer 3: Should this be removed? Line 37 still uses the imported `tf`.
